First page:
A
Presentation
On
SOUND FOR SILENCE
Submitted to partial fullfillment of requirement for the award for the award of degree of
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY
IN
COMPUTER SCIENCE & ENGINEERING
COllege logo (logo.png)
Presented By :
3 team members names and roll numbers.
Presented to :
Narendra Narwal
ARYA INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY & MANAGEMENT, JAIPUR

2nd page:
Intro
--
This project is about web and mobile app solution that connect therapsits, parents and kids (the paitent).

This project is used by therapsists to judge auditory listening capacbilites and congitnite ability of kids.
This provides beneftis to all there clients, by mkaing the process of tehrarpy easy, making the prcoess paper less digital.

3rd section
Archtiure and interface:
first page: ARCHTIEUTER DIAGRAM. Detailing overall how things are connected.

Interfaces:
three interfaces:
APP->accessed by kids and parents. They watch videos and give quiz and can view scores and contantct therapsit, whatsapp.


Web interface:
theraspists: (https://therapist-sigma.vercel.app/#patients)
they can see theire clients (paintes), and see their quiz scores histroy and also update/or give it and depending on that give CAP scores, and Conginite scroes (I call it SIR, create an simple acroyn form it relating to cognitive capabilities).

Admin:https://adminpanel-nine-theta.vercel.app/login.html
this is used by the institutes connect parents and therapsits togehter to manage who has acces to what like: what therpasit serves which kids, who has ability to edit quizes, videos etc.
it is used to manage quizes, vidZZeos, therapsits, parents.
It consists of a permission matrix used to edit permissions.

4rth section
Thank you.
------

Style:
3rd section:
top: interface name eg app, therapsit protal, admin portal
on left side: 
list all interface section names for a partiaul app or portal.
then on right show image
and at bottom some short description.

the right shight greys out/fades away the interface not being discusedd and focuses the section being discuesed.

Eg:
top: ADMIN
left:
Home: image
Permissions.

Therapsit:
left:
Home/patients
assement

app:
home/videos
quiz
performance
---
overall style.
Simple, clean, short. Colorfull. Playfull/

--- 
Use placholders for images.
